# Introducing-Kaileigh-Winters

My name is Kaileigh Winters, and this is a description of me and my life.

My full name is Kaileigh Elizabeth Winters. I'm 14 years old and I was born on September 2nd 2003. I grew up in Ottawa, Ontario and have lived here my whole life so far. I attended W.O.Mitchell Elementary School for junior kindergarden through grade 8, for a total of 10 years. I live with my mom, dad, 2 big brothers, my dog and my cat. I also have an older sister. My mom;s name is Heather and my das is Shon. One of my brothers is only a year older than me and his name is Michael. My big sisters name is Carissa and my big brothers name is Steven. My dogs name is Sakari and my dogs name is Domino. Currently I don't have many interests or hobbies, I love dogs and spending time with friends. I've also recently been doing some lifeguard training courses. My favourite song changes all the time, and I listen to all kinds of music but mostly rap and pop. My favourite movie is 'IT', I love horror movies. But my favourite actor is Dylan O'brien. My favourite food is pizza because I'm a super picky eater but I've just always loved pizza more than anything. My biggets strength is that and my biggest weakness is. I speak english and  French and have been in french immersion all my life. On the weekends and weeknights I like to watch netflix and hang out with friends. My favourite joke is "how many emo kids does it chnage a lightbulb? None because they sit in the dark and cry" With my experisnce in BTT10 i hope to learn how to do basic coding. a software I've used in the past is Khan Academy
